The ecstasy of metal and human flesh.
The sweat on the muscles and anger.
War.
Leonidas and the brave 300 are dead.
Did not I give you enough to reunite Greece, Themistocles?
A king. One husband.
Avenge it.
FROM THE PRODUCER ZACK SNYDER
Only the gods can defeat the Greeks.
DIRECTOR OF 300 AND THE MAN OF STEEL
You will be the king-god.
For the glory. War!
I will attack the Greeks with all my navy.
She sold the soul to her own death.
It will bring all hell with you.
Today we will dance on the coasts of dead Greeks.
You are not a god.
He's just a man.
Conquer the glory!
Let's show that we chose to die standing ...
than live on your knees!
Legendado by Eduardo